So, I've looked around a little trying to find a proper solution to the hole interpolator issue, and I've found an answer. As it turns out, the interpolators are all just implementations of the same abstract class, called (surprise surprise) Interpolator.
In fact, only one method in this class is abstract, the method which returns a 3d transform corresponding to a given alpha value. So, in order to extend this class, all I'll have to do is implement this method. The one thing I'll really need is a 3d transform to convert 3 given vectors to 3 given vectors. Once I implement this in utils.ThreeD the rest will hopefully be very easy. 

In another topic, I've looked around my coffee a bit and found it is very inefficient in memory  consumption. Rendering complex trees also takes long as I don't have any worthy graphic card, but that's a problem of my own sh***y hardware and hopefully won't be an issue when run on a computer that can actually process graphics. However, the memory issue is worrisome as when rendering too complex trees the garbage collector throws an error. I have to try and figure this one out if I want to render trees without having to limit their complexity and amount crucially. 

Once last though for today's post: I thought a little about h how to end the applet's run. My current opinion is to continue the scene for a little while, then fade to black, and after a while to maybe have the user choose another song if he wants to. The intervals' lengths should be proportional to the average duration of a note in the last 10 seconds of a song, when the first interval may be 3 times that amount and the second will be 10 times it. This is just a sketch, of course, I'll have to actually try this and see how it goes. 
